A: The big bad wolf tried to huff and puff and blow the house down, but he could not. He kept trying for hours but the house was very strong and the little pigs were safe inside. He tried to enter through the chimney but the third little pig boiled a big pot of water and kept it below the chimney. The wolf fell into it and died.

L: Then the pig said 'WE EATING WELL TONIGHT.'

A: In a land far, far away, Leo Wu grieves for his fallen comrade.

L: Little did Pig know, Big Bad Wolf was the son of Don Wolf, head of the Wolf Mafia in New York. However, due to recent FBI investigations, the Wolf Mafia's activities become severely limited and Don Wolf is unable to avenge his son. But Don Wolf never forgets.
Years pass. Pig builds a family, a wife and a son, living in the stone house that he built to save himself so long ago. The grief of his brothers' deaths are finally passing over as he turns his attention to his family.
Around this time, Don Wolf manages to buy out the corrupt New York chief of police, and eliminates the lead FBI investigator investigating Wolf Mafia. With these obstacles out of his way, Don Wolf turns attentions to more personal matters. Unfortunately for Pig, Don Wolf never forgets.
He has button men kidnap Pig's son. With the chief of police under his thumb, Don Wolf arranges for the search to be short and ineffective. Agonizing weeks pass for Pig before he opens his door one day to find a bundle wrapped in a blanket. Opening it, he finds his son's head and a note that reads: 'He was delicious.'
Pig's wife, stricken with grief and fearing for her life, flees the country without warning. Pig's stone house now protects nothing he cares about. With nothing left to live for, Pig enters New York in an attempt to confront Don Wolf. But Don Wolf has been expecting him. Pig easily falls into an ambush and is beaten unconscious.
Pig wakes up, tied to a chair, and sees Don Wolf pointing a gun to his head. Pig, furious but unable to move, screams obscenities. Don Wolf ignores him. Then Pig asks why. Don Wolf replies, 'I'm simply finishing the job my son started.' Pig asks him what he's going to do. Don Wolf says, 'I'm going to huff and puff and blow your brains out,' and pulls the trigger.
Shortly after, Don Wolf has Pig's stone house demolished.
The End."
